## To complete:

hosecontrol:
	alter all tables to store the id separate from PK for all elements. this should be unique but not pk.
	alter storage of test data to store in blob in TestData instead of in own dedicated table, for simplicity and size reduction of DB. 
	update all instances of setting the table ID to start from 1 instead of 0, to simplify. 
	create functionality to link MySQL directly to the app, and simultaneously store data both locally as well as online. We'll eliminate datasync. 
	implement error logging in a verbose method so we can "black box" problems that arise from all components. 
	(DONE) update all getting of lastID and next ID to base on the last entered ID, instead of using the count of existing lines (caused last issue)
	(DONE) clean up UI and add elements to increase clarity of some fields for things like titles. 
	(DONE) make sure date fields in database are cast as INT not STRING
	(DONE) we should add a format for multiple hoses that uses a + to store mutliple asset ids so that they are entered into the system correctly. 
	(DONE) Reject hose dropdown option, allows hose to be rejected without testing. 
	(SKIPPED) Fix "PDF has errors" message in acrobat.
	Multiple retesting system to select existing

database fixer: 
	(DONE) check manually for any errors in the existing data and correct. 
	(DONE) run corrector script on current database and replace, to fix any issues that exist. 
	export function - hoses/companies/fittings etc. that can be reinserted to new database

desktop: 
	(DONE) Block updates on the desktop side for updating IDs. 
		- data stopped, though we should update the formatting to log any errors
	(DONE) alter view for the upload/download system from dots to a percentage system for uploads. we'll need to calculate total uploads and determine that way.
		
server: 
	(DONE) This has been updated so that duplicated ID's are instead overwritten in the case that they are mistakenly added as an add. 
		- However, these are added in a format that PK should always be used, so should therefore never esxperience an overwrite.
	(SKIPPED) Block updates on the server side for updating IDs. 
	(SKIPPED) only report back issues in the data formatting and log. 

liveDB: 
	(DONE) update all date fields to INT fields.
